apply style guide / gardening (#643)
digital-asset/daml-finance: STYLEGUIDE.md

- Don't use `..` as it makes code harder to understand (and might cause bugs in case of code
  changes)

- Don't use positional constructors as they are harder to read (and might cause bugs in case of code
  changes)

### Some useful regex

> In visual studio you can search using regex expressions. Here are some useful regex expressions to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In VS Code you can search using regex expressions. Here are some useful regex expressions to
```
